readme.md, before:

# Vagante's Dark Souls Mod (DSmod)

What about getting a character screen and plenty of fancy items in your next runs? This Mod do all that and more. 

Upon reaching the first intermission, there will be a character selection stage where you pick your initial class set ranging from knights to clerics and pyromancers. This won’t tell you how you end your adventure, being that still up to you, but surely it will give some flavor. 

The character screen is optional and every player can skip it in case you feel you don’t like it. The best part is that only the host player needs to install this mod pack. The others can enjoy it with no extra cost.

Skipping the class selection or not, you still will find hundreds of amulets and rings placed on key points through all the main campaign. Be prepared because unique rooms, fancy merchants, and special surprises awaits you. 

![Cover image of the mod](https://github.com/miguelcjalmeida/vagante-dsmod/raw/master/assets/github/face.png)

# Installation
The installation can be done by replacing the data.vra or through the mod loader framework. 

**For Vagante v1.10.1 (dsmod v2.2.1)**

- [Data.vra (contains velvette mod)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZVkiB7_r16YdpacumMFRlGo29oEXkXLc/view?usp=sharing)

- [Modloader’s mod](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YdQCwLpDOeIP1Zo7HgYCMd3uoN4Ec7uU/view?usp=sharing)



# Credits
- A very special thanks to Krystal & Kyou for developing and allowing the use of the amazing [Velvette's mod](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fGLOVHN1wvMlyu6t2DpFxafBGoLIfVhw), which was used as a base for DSMod. Not just that, Krystal generously contributed with so many custom-made designs that turned DSMod more unique.  
- Another special thanks to Douchel for designing several spicy new rooms such as the classic dragon prison, sanctuaries, and more. 
- Thank you too arifallen23 for contributing with the gfx of the Fire Keeper.
- Thanks Blue and The Last Ranger for helping with balancing (or unbalancing?).
- Thanks ddavidd and Bagelrama for giving a hand or two
- Thanks Seth for constantly breaking the game
- I appreciate the resource extraction tool that made starting this mod possible: [mtolly/vagante-extract](https://github.com/mtolly/vagante-extract)

# License
[ISC](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/)

Commit message:

Add small gif to the readme

readme.md, after:

# Vagante's Dark Souls Alike Mod (DSAlike)

What about getting a character screen, plenty of fancy items, and a very new campaign for you and your comrades? This Mod will do all that and more. 

Upon reaching the first intermission, there will be a character selection stage where you pick your initial class among clerics, warriors, assassin, hollow and much more. This won’t tell you how you end your story, being that still up to you, but surely it will add some flavor. 

Take your chance and prepare to die once again in this difficult adventure. 

![Cover image of the mod](https://github.com/miguelcjalmeida/vagante-dsmod/raw/master/assets/github/face.png)

# Installation
The installation can be done by replacing the data.vra or through the mod loader framework. 

**For Vagante v1.10.1 (dsmod v2.2.1)**

- [Data.vra (contains velvette mod)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZVkiB7_r16YdpacumMFRlGo29oEXkXLc/view?usp=sharing)

- [Modloader’s mod](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YdQCwLpDOeIP1Zo7HgYCMd3uoN4Ec7uU/view?usp=sharing)

# Credits
- A very special thanks to Krystal & Kyou for developing and allowing the use of the amazing [Velvette's mod](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fGLOVHN1wvMlyu6t2DpFxafBGoLIfVhw), which was used as a base for DSMod. Not just that, Krystal generously contributed with so many custom-made designs that turned DSMod more unique.  
- Another special thanks to Douchel for designing several spicy new rooms such as the classic dragon prison, sanctuaries, and more. 
- Thank you too arifallen23 for contributing with the gfx of the Fire Keeper.
- Thanks Blue and The Last Ranger for helping with balancing (or unbalancing?).
- Thanks ddavidd and Bagelrama for giving a hand or two
- Thanks Seth for constantly breaking the game
- I appreciate the resource extraction tool that made starting this mod possible: [mtolly/vagante-extract](https://github.com/mtolly/vagante-extract)

![Small animation showing the mod](https://github.com/miguelcjalmeida/vagante-dsmod/raw/master/assets/github/slime4.png)

# License
[ISC](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/)
